It's the Guangming King who arranged my ancestors.
Okay, in order to make the surface of the Guangming King truly biased towards the middle-class Dare Scene.
In fact, the body is wide with enemy water.
The mind does not dismantle soon
He was an owner at the time.
So you're really a traitor.
If I don't fake death
How can I trust you?
Open the door for me.
Death can't speak, can't you see?
It's all part of the Pantheon plot.
The danger is to eliminate the conspiracy.
Conspiracy to kill.
Conspiracy.
Come here, you tell me.
What your king has done to me.
Which doesn't count as a return date?
You still don't believe it after all.
If not, how can you be fooled?
That's okay.
Let me see you too.
See the great summer.
Now you know the eyes of your brother-in-law.
You don't have such good character.
This criminal pressure plate
I can even leave you with a power sentence.
My table is not mortal, and having a clean conscience is not a sin.
It seems that this table is immortal to the end and not only welcomes him to speak directly to him.
But...
Why don't you say, your heart is soft?
How is that possible?
I'm just thinking.
What tricks were used to torture him?
It'll be more fun.